SUB-CONTRACT AGREEMENT

                                     Between

                              Hyundai Syscomm Corp.

                                       And

                        Electronic Control Security, Inc



                         Dated as of: December 22, 2006







THIS AGREEMENT is dated as of December 22, 2006.



PARTIES



(1)   Hyundai Syscomm Corp. a California corporation with a place of business at

      8805 Pagoda Way, San Diego CA 92126 ("Contractor").



(2)   Electronic  Control Security,  Inc., a New Jersey corporation with a place

      of business at 790 Bloomfield Avenue, Bldg C1, Clifton NJ 07012 ("ECSI").





BACKGROUND



A.    Contractor and its Affiliates,  amongst other things, design, manufacture,

      supply,   market,   sell,  install  and  maintain  wireless  networks  and

      components  and  security  systems  throughout  the  world  ("Contractor's

      Primary Business").



B.    ECSI and its  Affiliates,  amongst other  things,  supply,  market,  sell,

      install and maintain  surveillance  and security  systems ("ECSI's Primary

      Business").



C.    Contractor  and  its  Affiliates,  on the  one  hand,  and  ECSI  and  its

      Affiliates, on the other hand, believe that:



      (i)   ECSI  and its  Affiliates  have  the  knowledge  and  capability  to

            integrate ECSI's Primary Business with Contractor's Primary Business

            by retrofitting  surveillance  and security systems into established

            wireless  networks and by integrating  such systems into pending and

            future  wireless  infrastructure  projects  around  the  world  that

            Contractor and its Affiliates procure;



      (ii)  the integration of ECSI's Primary Business into Contractor's present

            and future  projects in Contractor's  Primary  Business will enhance

            Contractor's  ability to maximize its profits and make its offerings

            to present and potential clients more attractive; and



      (iii) ECSI's  relationship  with Contractor and its Affiliates will enable

            ECSI  to  greatly  expand  its  worldwide  exposure,   revenues  and

            enterprise value.







D.    Contractor  represents  that it will  have the  right to hire ECSI on each

      project on which it requests ECSI's involvement.



E.    ECSI represents that it will have the right to work for Contractor on each

      project on which it agrees to participate with Contractor.



F.    Contractor  desires to  participate  in ECSI's growth in market value as a

      result of the benefits ECSI will receive under this Agreement, and ECSI is

      willing to encourage Contractor to maximize its collaboration with ECSI by

      making  available to Contractor  its shares of Common Stock that will have

      the potential to appreciate in value as ECSI's revenues from collaborating

      with Contractor increase.



NOW THEREFORE,  in  consideration  of the promises and the mutual  covenants set

forth herein, the Parties agree as follows:



1.     DEFINITIONS



Capitalized  terms  used in the  Agreement,  unless  defined  in the text of the

Agreement, shall have the meanings specified in this Section 1.





      1.1.  Affiliate  means any company,  which is under common  control  with,

            controls,  or is  controlled  by,  either one of the  Parties to the

            Agreement.



      1.2.  Agreement  means  this  document,  Annexes  and all  amendments  and

            changes signed by the Parties.



      1.2.  Attachment  means a document agreed between the Parties and attached

            to this Agreement forming an integral part hereto.



      1.4.  Common Stock means the common stock,  par value $.001 per share,  of

            ECSI.



      1.5.  Cost of Goods  Sold  means the sum of the  direct  cost of good sold

            plus  such  other  related  manufacturing  costs as may be  mutually

            agreed by the Parties.



      1.6.  Escrow  Shares  means  the  four  million  eight  hundred   thousand

            (4,800,000)  shares of Common  Stock  being  sold to the  Contractor

            pursuant to the Stock Purchase Agreement.







      1.7.  Gross Profit means the excess of the gross revenues received by ECSI

            in  connection  with this  Agreement  over the Cost of Goods Sold in

            connection with such gross revenues.



      1.8.  Registration means the registration under the Securities Act of 1933

            of the resale of all shares of Common Shares owned by Contractor.



      1.9.  Registration   Rights  Agreement  means  the   Registration   Rights

            Agreement dated the date hereof between Contractor and ECSI.



      1.10. Section 2.2 Update means a quarterly  update  provided by Contractor

            pursuant to Section 2.2.



      1.11. Stock Purchase Agreement means the Stock Purchase Agreement dated as

            of the date hereof between Contractor and ECSI.



      1.12. Term means the term of this  Agreement  as  determined  pursuant  to

            Section 4.



      1.13. Warrant means the warrant dated the date hereof issued and delivered

            by ECSI to Contractor pursuant to the Stock Purchase Agreement.  The

            Warrant  shall become  exercisable  as Contractor is credited with a

            share of ECSI's Gross Profit under this Agreement.



      1.14. Warrant  Shares  means the shares of Common Stock that may be issued

            by ECSI to Contractor upon the exercise of the Warrant.



2.    RESPONSIBILITIES OF CONTRACTOR



Contractor's responsibilities during the Term shall include the following:





      2.1.  Contractor will provide ECSI with  sub-contract  payments during the

            Term against  deliverables to be mutually agreed between the Parties

            as quickly as  possible  after the  execution  and  delivery of this

            Agreement. Unless otherwise specified in the relevant purchase order

            entered  into  by  ECSI  and  Contractor  prior  to a  project,  all

            sub-contract  payments  to ECSI by  Contractor  shall be  subject to

            Contractor's  prior  receipt of contract  revenues from the contract

            counterparty with respect to the work performed or products supplied

            by ECSI. ECSI acknowledges that contract payments to Contractor with

            respect to work required to have been performed or products required

            to have been supplied by ECSI ("ECSI  Deliverables")  may be reduced

            or  delayed  by a  Contractor  counterparty  due to the  quality  or

            timeliness  of the  ECSI  Deliverables.  ECSI  agrees  to  take  all

            comer-cially  reasonable  actions  to  correct  the  reason for such

            reduction or delay,  and Contractor  agrees to take all commercially

            reasonable actions to encourage Contractor  counterparties to accept

            and pay for all corrected ECSI Deliverables.







      2.2.  On or  prior to the last day of each  calendar  quarter  during  the

            Term,  Contractor  shall  deliver to ECSI a Section  2.2 Update that

            sets forth a minimum in  contract  revenues  based on US GAAP during

            the  subsequent  12-month  period.  By  way of  illustration  of the

            foregoing,  on or prior  to  December  31,  2006,  Contractor  shall

            provide  ECSI with a Section  2.2 Update that sets forth the minimum

            Dollar  amount of  sub-contract  US GAAP  revenues to be provided to

            ECSI during the 12-month  period ending December 31, 2007, and on or

            prior to March 31, 2007,  Contractor shall deliver to ECSI a Section

            2.2 Update that sets forth the  minimum  Dollar of  sub-contract  US

            GAAP  revenues to be provided  to ECSI  during the  12-month  period

            ending March 31, 2008. The aggregate amount of minimum revenue to be

            guaranteed  pursuant  to the  Section  2.2  Updates  delivered  with

            respect to  calendar  quarters up to an  including  June 30, 2008 is

            subject  to the  aggregate  gross  revenue  guarantee  set  forth in

            Section 2.4 hereof.



      2.3.  Contractor  will provide ECSI with the  opportunity  to  participate

            with Contractor in contracts  Contractor and its Affiliates now have

            or hereafter  seek to obtain  during the Term  ("Contracts"),  where

            ECSI's  participation  would  enhance  the value of the  Contract to

            Contractor by adding a  surveillance  and security  component to the

            scope of work of such Contract.







      2.4.  Contractor  hereby agrees to provide under this Agreement to ECSI on

            or prior  to June 30,  2008 at least  twenty  five  million  dollars

            ($25,000,000) of gross revenues from security worthy assets on terms

            beneficial  to HYUNDAI as well as ECSI,  provided that ECSI performs

            its  obligations  under this  Agreement  in a timely  and  efficient

            manner.  It is  reasonable  to  assume  that  ECSI will have a gross

            profit margin under this Agreement of at least  thirty-five  percent

            (35%)  provided  that ECSI is  efficient in  discharging  its duties

            under this Agreement.







4.    RESPONSIBILITIES OF ECSI



ECSI's responsibilities during the Term shall include the following:





      3.1.  ECSI shall continue  sub-contracting  work for Contractor as long as

            Contractor procures the approvals deemed necessary by Contractor for

            ECSI's participation under all relevant contracts.



      3.2.  ECSI shall provide  Contractor  and its Affiliates on a timely basis

            with all  assistance  needed to integrate  ECSI's  surveillance  and

            security components into Contractor's plan of work for each contract

            under which ECSI is a sub-contractor.



      3.3.  ECSI will  design a technical  solution to address the  surveillance

            and security  needs of Contractor  and its  Affiliates.  The Parties

            will mutually agree in advance upon the acceptance  criteria for the

            solution. Upon acceptance, ECSI will proceed with the implementation

            of the  solution.  This will include the  assembly of the  necessary

            hardware and software components and features,  the delivery of same

            to Contractor for deployment at the site of  Contractor's  projects,

            and  appropriate   guarantees  of  performance  by  ECSI  to  assure

            Contractor that ECSI will perform its responsibilities  according to

            contract specifications and on a timely basis.



      3.4.  ECSI shall maintain the  confidentiality of the counterparty to each

            Contract but may make known that  Contractor is the  counterparty to

            this Agreement.







      3.5.  ECSI shall permit  Contractor  to become and remain a fifty  percent

            (50%) holder of ECSI Common  Stock by  compensating  Contractor  for

            Gross  Profit  recognized  by ECSI  from this  Agreement  on a basis

            designed  to share the benefit  between  ECSI and  Contractor.  ECSI

            shall be credited  with  seventy  percent  (70%) of Gross Profit and

            Contractor shall be credited with will thirty percent (30%) of Gross

            Profit. Contractor may at its election take its thirty percent (30%)

            of Gross Profit in the form of cash or in the form of Warrant Shares

            becoming  exercisable  under the Warrant,  with each  Warrant  Share

            becoming  exercisable  with fifty eight cents  ($.58)  Gross  Profit

            credited to Contractor  until the average price of Escrow Shares and

            the Warrant Shares then exercisable or exercised becomes forty cents

            ($.40) per share. By way of example, if revenues provided to ECSI by

            Contractor  and or one or  more  Contractor  Affiliates  under  this

            Agreement  produce a Gross  Profit to ECSI of  thirty  five  percent

            (35%) on aggregate  gross  revenues of Twenty Five  Million  Dollars

            ($25,000,000)  and Contractor  elects to take its share of the Gross

            Profit by making the  Warrant  exercisable  with  respect to Warrant

            Shares,  the Warrant would become  exercisable  with respect to four

            million five hundred  twenty five  thousand  eight hundred sixty two

            (4,525,862) Warrant Shares calculated as follows: ($25,000,000 x .35

            x .30)/$.58 = 4,525,862;  provided,  however, that the Warrant shall

            be  exercisable  for a maximum number of Warrant  Shares,  that when

            added to the Escrow Shares would make  Contractor  own fifty percent

            (50%) or less of the  outstanding  shares of ECSI Common Stock.  Any

            Warrant Shares  becoming  exercisable  but not issued because of the

            fifty percent (50%)  limitation set forth in the preceding  proviso,

            shall be  promptly  issuable  to  Contractor  upon  exercise  of the

            Warrant as ECSI's  outstanding  shares of Common  Stock  increase so

            that,  to  the  extent  the  Warrant  is  exercised  by  Contractor,

            Contractor  shall retain its fifty percent (50%) ownership  interest

            of ECSI Common Stock.





      3.6.  Once the average  cost to  Contractor  of the Escrow  Shares and all

            Warrant  Shares then  exercisable  or exercised  becomes forty cents

            ($.40) per share,  any further Warrant Shares  becoming  exercisable

            under the Warrant  shall be valued at forty cents (.40)  rather than

            fifty eight cent ($.58) per share.







4.    TERM OF AGREEMENT



This Agreement shall be valid for a period of three (3) years from its date (the

"Period").  The Period shall be renewed for additional  one-year  periods unless

the Agreement is terminated by either Party  pursuant to Section 25. Even if the

Period isn't renewed, the responsibilities of the Parties,  which started during

the Period  and which  stays to a duration  after the end of the  Period,  shall

continue in accordance with the Agreement.



5.    CONSULTATION



      5.1.  The  Parties  shall  have  periodic  review  meetings,  where  their

            authorized  representatives  shall  consult  with  each  other  with

            respect  to  existing  and  prospective  projects  on which  ECSI is

            sub-contracting or may be expected to sub-contract to Contractor.



      5.2.  The  Parties  shall  exchange   information  on  design  changes  or

            improvements  to  their  respective   products  and  services,   new

            products,  market,  demographic  and  similar  matters  as  mutually

            agreed.  All such  information  shall be  subject  to the  terms and

            conditions  of the  Mutual  Confidentiality,  Non-Circumvention  and

            Invention Transfer Agreement between the Parties, dated November 28,

            2006.



6.    THE COMMON STOCK



ECSI  represents  and  warrants  that its Board of  Directors  has  ratified the

execution  and delivery of this  Agreement,  the Warrant and the issuance of the

Warrant Shares pursuant to the Warrant.



7.    PRODUCT WARRANTY





      7.1.  ECSI warrants to  Contractor  that, as of the date title to products

            supplied by ECSI passes to Contractor or the contract  counterparty,

            ECSI will have the right to sell, transfer, and assign such products

            and the title conveyed by ECSI shall be good.







      7.2.  ECSI  guarantees  to  Contractor  that the ECSI products and product

            components  supplied to  Contractor  for each  project on which ECSI

            sub-contracts   shall  be   provided   without  any   material   and

            craftsmanship  defects and that the  products or product  components

            shall  be in  compliance  in all  material  respect  with  all  ECSI

            Technical Specifications.  In case a defect or lack of conformity is

            detected  during  the  guarantee  period  in a  product  or  product

            component  supplied  by ECSI  during the normal and  correct  usage,

            Contractor  shall inform ECSI about the incident  promptly and shall

            follow  the  instructions  of  ECSI  concerning  the  return  of the

            defective of non-conforming product or product component. ECSI shall

            decide whether to repair or change the product or product  component

            returned to ECSI,  without  requesting any material or craftsmanship

            expenses. In case technical operational defects due to manufacturing

            defects  are  detected,  the changed  product or product  components

            shall be changed by ECSI with new  products  or product  components.

            The  guarantee  periods  for the  products  and  product  components

            provided  by ECSI shall be defined on a product by product  basis at

            time of P.O. and shall become  effective  immediately  following the

            assembly of the  products  and  product  components  by  Contractor.

            Expenses caused by the defects of the products shall be met by ECSI.



      7.3.  Warranty  replacement product components are warranted to be in good

            working  order  for the  unexpired  warranty  period.  The  costs of

            transportation,  risk of loss  and  customs  duties  related  to the

            shipment  of  product  and/or  product   components  for  repair  or

            replacement  from  Contractor  to ECSI  shall be for the  account of

            Contractor.  The costs of  transportation,  risk of loss and customs

            duties related to the shipment of repaired or  replacement  products

            and/or  product parts from ECSI to Contractor are for the account of

            ECSI.



      7.4.  The  foregoing  warranty  does not  extend to  products  or  product

            components  that have (a) been subjected to misuse,  neglect,  power

            failures or surges, lightning, fire, flood, pest damage or accident,

            (b) been repaired or altered  contrary to ECSI's  instructions,  (c)

            been improperly handled, installed,  stored, or maintained, (d) been

            used contrary to ECSI instructions.







8.    SOFTWARE WARRANTY





      8.1.  ECSI guarantees  Contractor  that, for the warranty period set forth

            below, all software  supplied by ECSI to Contractor and installed in

            accordance with ECSI's  instructions  will perform  substantially as

            described in the technical specifications for such software.  During

            the  warranty  period,  in case a failure  to  perform  as set forth

            above, after the instructions of ECSI are followed and the defective

            software  is  returned  to  ECSI,  ECSI  shall  fix  or  change  the

            aforementioned  software without any additional charges.  ECSI shall

            do its best to fix or change the software.



      8.2.  The warranty period for software  provided by ECSI will be 12 months

            from the date of installation of the software by Contractor.



      8.3.  When it  discovers  a defect  subject to this  warranty,  Contractor

            shall  contact  ECSI  and  based  on  the  nature  of  the  request,

            Contractor  will be advised  as to the  estimated  time for  trouble

            clearance or provided with the information  requested.  ECSI will be

            responsible for resolution of all troubles reported.



            ECSI makes no warranty as to the following: defects other than those

            which  result  in  performance   not  in  conformance   with  ECSI's

            specifications  and which have a significant impact on the user of a

            product;  defects  related to Contractor's or its End Users' misuse,

            neglect,  accident or abuse;  defects related to Contractor's or its

            End Users' alteration of software.



9.    WARRANTY DISCLAIMER



THE  WARRANTIES  FOR  PRODUCTS  AND  SOFTWARE  SET FORTH IN SECTIONS 7 AND 8 ARE

EXCLUSIVE AND ARE IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING

BUT NOT LIMITED TO  WARRANTIES OF  MERCHANTABILITY  AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR

PURPOSE.  CONTRACTOR'S  SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY SHALL BE ECSI'S  OBLIGATION TO

CORRECT OR REPLACE, AS SET FORTH IN SECTIONS 7 AND 8.







10.   REPAIRS NOT COVERED UNDER WARRANTY





      10.1. In addition to repairs provided for in the warranty  sections,  ECSI

            will,  during  the  Term  and for a  period  of 5 years  thereafter,

            provide repair services for such reasonable charges as may from time

            to time be  specified  by ECSI.  Products to be repaired  under this

            Section must be returned by Contractor  to a location  designated by

            ECSI. The repaired  product or product  component will be shipped to

            Contractor.



      10.2. It is  understood  that,  to  facilitate  the  process of product or

            product  components  returned to ECSI for non-warranty  repair,  new

            factory reconditioned,  refurbished, remanufactured, or functionally

            equivalent replacement product component may be shipped. Replacement

            and repaired product or product  components shall be warranted for a

            period of three (3) months from the date of installation.



      10.3. All transportation  costs, custom duties, risk of loss and damage to

            product or product components returned for repair under this section

            will be borne by Contractor,  and all transportation  costs,  custom

            duties,  and in-transit  risk of loss and damage to such repaired or

            replacement  product or product  components  returned to  Contractor

            will be borne by Contractor.



11.   TRAINING



ECSI shall provide training for the assembly,  maintenance and usage of the test

equipment,  and shall  charge its most  favored  prices to  Contractor,  in case

another  agreement  concerning  the topic isn't agreed upon by the Parties.  The

Parties shall jointly decide on the location of these aforementioned  trainings.

In case  another  agreement  isn't  agreed  upon by the  Parties,  the  provided

trainings and all the printed  literature shall be English.  The initial product

trainings shall be provided by ECSI as part of the initial system offering.







12.   PRICE



ECSI shall provide such bid  information  as Contractor  reasonably  requires in

order for Contractor to bid on contracts in which ECSI acts as a sub-contractor.



13.   INVOICING AND PAYMENTS



      13.1. Unless otherwise agreed,  the provisions in this Section shall apply

            to invoicing and payments.



      13.2. Contractor  shall  effect all payments due to ECSI net in US Dollars

            (USD) to the ECSI bank account indicated in the applicable  invoice.

            All price  information on invoices and related documents shall be in

            US Dollars.



      13.3. The whole of the order  price  (100%)  shall be paid by  Contractor,

            without any interest,  within ten (10) days of Contractor's  receipt

            of contract payments for items supplied by ECSI.



      13.4. Letter of Credit - To be determined and mutually agreed.



14.   DELIVERY AND TITLE





      14.1. All deliveries by ECSI to Contractor shall be made to Contractor FOB

            ECSI factory.



      14.2. Title  and  risk of loss to the  products  (except  as  provided  in

            Section 17 with  regard to  Firmware)  shall pass to  Contractor  on

            shipment,  without  thereby in any way waiving  ECSI's  right to any

            payment not yet received at that time.



15.   IMPORTATION EXPENSES AND TAXES



Contractor  shall be responsible  for payment for all taxes,  customs duties and

other governmental charges,  however designated,  associated with importation of

the products into the country where the contract is to be performed.  Contractor

shall  reimburse ECSI for any such taxes,  duties and charges that ECSI advances

or pays.







16.   NOTICES



All  notices,  which  shall or should  be made in  compliance  with this  hereby

Agreement,  shall be made in written form and to the addresses set forth herein,

or to the addresses notified to the other Party in written form afterwards;  and

when these  notices are  received  then they shall be accepted as made.  Notices

made with faxes or e-mails  shall only be  accepted,  in case the sending may be

proved.



17.   FIRMWARE



No title or other ownership rights in Firmware or any copy thereof shall pass to

Contractor under this Agreement.  Contractor  agrees that it shall not alter any

notices on,  prepare  derivative  works based on, or reproduce,  disassemble  or

decompile any Software embodied in Firmware recorded in the products.



18.   INTENTIONALLY OMITTED



19.   INTENTIONALLY OMITTED



20.   TRADEMARKS AND MARKINGS



ECSI hereby  consents and grants  Contractor  permission to utilize certain ECSI

designated trademarks,  insignia and symbols ("Marks") solely in connection with

Contractor'S  advertising  and  promotion  of the  contracts  on which ECSI is a

sub-contractor.  Contractor's  rights  under this Section 20 shall be subject to

Contractor's  agreement  to  comply  with any  reasonable  written  instructions

provided by ECSI from time to time with respect to usage of the Marks.



21.   MUTUAL LIMITATION OF LIABILITY



      21.1. No action or proceeding against a Party or its Affiliates under this

            Agreement  may be  commenced  more than twelve (12) months after the

            cause of action accrues.







      21.2. This Article shall apply and remain  operative  notwithstanding  the

            failure of an exclusive remedy.



22.   INDEMNITY





      22.1. General  Litigation:  -  Either  Party  (for  the  purpose  of  this

            paragraph,  an  "Indemnifying  Party") will defend and indemnify the

            other Party (an  "Indemnified  Party") for any  settlement  or final

            judgment  that arises out of a claim or suit by third parties to the

            extent  that such claim or suit is based on an action for  negligent

            acts or omissions of the Indemnifying Party. An Indemnifying Party's

            obligation  to  indemnify  will be reduced  to the  extent  that the

            settlement  or  judgment  is  attributable  to  the  actions  of the

            Indemnified  Party. The Indemnified Party will give the Indemnifying

            Party prompt  notification  of any claim or suit and will co-operate

            in the defence or settlement thereof. The Indemnifying Party will be

            responsible  for all attorney's fees and costs incurred in defending

            or settling any claim or suit.  In no event will the liability of an

            Indemnifying  Party  under this  Article  (inclusive  of legal fees)

            exceed  the  Gross  Profits  credited  to  such  Indemnifying  Party

            pursuant to Section 3.5 of this Agreement.



      22.2. Patent, Trademark and Copyright Litigation: - ECSI shall, subject to

            the conditions and exceptions  stated in this  paragraph,  defend or

            settle  all  suits  against   Contractor  or  any  of   Contractor's

            contractual  counter  parties  alleging  that any product or product

            component  including  Firmware  provided by ECSI (for the purpose of

            this paragraph the term "Product"  shall be read to mean product and

            product component, including Firmware) furnished hereunder infringes

            any U.S. patent, U.S. trademark or U.S. copyright,  by reason of its

            use, in  accordance  with ECSI's  specifications,  and shall pay all

            damages and costs which by final  judgement  of a court of competent

            jurisdiction   may  be  assessed  against  or  on  account  of  such

            infringement;  provided that ECSI (i) shall have had prompt  written

            notice from  Contractor of the claim of such  infringement  and full

            opportunity  and  authority  to assume  the sole  defence  of and to

            settle  such  claims or suits,  and (ii) shall have been  furnished,

            upon  ECSI's  request,   by  Contractor  with  all  information  and

            assistance  available to Contractor  for such defence or settlement.

            If the use of the product shall be or is likely to be enjoined, ECSI

            at its sole  discretion  will either (a) procure  for  Contractor  a

            license or other right to continue use and sale of the  product;  or

            (b) replace the enjoined product with a suitable  substitute free of

            any infringement;  or (c) modify them so they become non-infringing.

            Contractor  agrees  to  indemnify  and  save  harmless  ECSI and its

            suppliers and Affiliates from all costs,  expenses,  liabilities and

            claims for (a)  infringement  of any  intellectual  property  rights

            arising from adherence to instructions,  specifications  or drawings

            which ECSI is directed by Contractor to follow;  or (b) infringement

            of any  intellectual  property rights related to Contractor's use of

            the product in  combination  with any item or items not furnished by

            ECSI.







23.   TERMINATION OF AGREEMENT





This Agreement may be terminated by either Party, in its sole  discretion,  upon

sixty (60) days' prior written notice if the other Party has materially breached

this  Agreement  and such  breach  (provided  it is capable  of remedy)  remains

uncured  for a period of thirty  (30) days  following  receipt of notice of such

failure,  default or breach; or if any material written  representation  made by

the other  Party shall not be true and  correct as of the  relevant  publication

date.



24.   FORCE MAJEURE



Neither Party shall be held  responsible for any delay or failure in performance

of any part of the  Agreement  to the extent such delay or failure is caused by:

fire; flood; explosion;  war or the engagement of hostilities;  strike; embargo;

labor  dispute;  government  requirement;  acts or  failure  to act of  civil or

military  authority;  acts  of God or the  public  enemy;  inability  to  secure

materials  or  transportation  facilities;  acts or  omissions  of  carriers  or

suppliers; or any other causes beyond its control, whether or not similar to the

foregoing (hereafter, a "Force Majeure Condition").







25.   CHOICE OF LAW AND SETTLEMENT OF DISPUTES



      25.1. This Agreement shall be  administered  and interpreted in accordance

            with  California  laws other than laws which  would make the laws of

            another jurisdiction applicable.



      25.2. All  conflicts  arising  about or in  connection  with  this  hereby

            Agreement  shall be  settled by 3 arbiters  in  accordance  with the

            commercial  rules  and  regulations  of  the  American   Arbitration

            Association International Chamber of Commerce. The arbitration shall

            be  conducted  in San  Francisco,  California  and  the  arbitration

            language shall be English.



26.   ASSIGNMENT



This  Agreement  shall  not be  assigned  by  either  Party in whole or in part,

without the prior  written  consent of the other Party,  (such consent not to be

unreasonably withheld). Any such "assignment" shall include, without limitation,

a merger, sale, or transfer of control, by operation of law or otherwise.



27.   SUBCONTRACTING



Each Party may  subcontract any or all of the work to be performed by them under

the terms and conditions of the Agreement,  but ECSI and Contractor shall retain

the responsibility for the work subcontracted.



28.   EXPORT CONTROL REGULATIONS





      28.1. ECSI and its Affiliates shall: (i) procure the necessary exportation

            licenses  from the United  States  Chamber of  Commerce  or from the

            country of origin;  and (ii) shall  export the  products and product

            components.







      28.2. Contractor  shall be  responsible  for  importing  the  products and

            product  components  into each  country  where a  contract  is to be

            performed and where ECSI is a sub-contractor.



      28.3. Contractor  agrees  to  provide  to  ECSI,  upon  its  request,  all

            necessary  assistance to facilitate the procurement of such required

            export licenses.



      28.4. In case  Contractor has signed an agreement  with its customer,  and

            has placed an order to ECSI,  then ECSI is responsible for providing

            the mentioned  products on time,  and in case a delay occurs or ECSI

            isn't able to obtain the necessary exportation  licenses,  then ECSI

            shall be held  responsible  and  Contractor  shall have the right to

            demand a compensation.



      28.5. Contractor  acknowledges  that the  commodities  transmitted or sold

            under the  Agreement  may in fact be subject to export and re-export

            restrictions  under the United States  Department of Commerce Export

            Control Regulations (the "Regulations") and may require the specific

            written  permission of the United  States  Department of Commerce to

            export  or  re-export  the   commodities   outside  the  country  of

            destination of such commodities listed in ECSI's bill of lading (the

            "Destination  Country").  Contractor  further  acknowledges that any

            product  manufactured by Contractor or its agents  incorporating any

            item(s)  furnished  hereunder may also require the specific  written

            permission  of the United  States  Department of Commerce for export

            for the  Destination  Country,  as  described  in Part 776.12 of the

            Regulations.



      28.6. Contractor  hereby  assures ECSI that it does not intend to and will

            not knowingly,  without the prior written consent,  if required,  of

            the Office of Export  Administration of the United States Department

            of  Commerce,   Washington,   D.C.  20230,   transmit   directly  or

            indirectly,  sell,  transfer,  or,  convey (i) any of the  technical

            information  (including  technology and information  included in the

            product  components)  or  software  furnished  by ECSI;  or (ii) any

            immediate  product  (including  materials,  processed  and services)

            produced  directly by the use of any such  technical  information to

            (1) Afghanistan,  the People's  Republic of China, Iraq or any Group

            Q, S, W, Y or Z country as specified in Supplement No. 1 to Part 770

            of  the  Regulations;   or  (2)  any  citizen  or  resident  of  the

            aforementioned  countries;  or (3) any individual,  person or entity

            appearing on the Table of Denial orders as published in  Supplements

            Nos. 1 and 2 to Part 788 of the Regulations.  Current copies of such

            lists  and  tables  will be  provided  by ECSI  to  Contractor  upon

            request.







      28.7. Contractor  agrees to inform  ECSI  promptly  in writing of any such

            written  consent  issued  by the  United  States  Office  of  Export

            Administration.



      28.8. Contractor  agrees  that it will  not,  without  the  prior  written

            consent of ECSI and the prior  written  authorization  of the United

            States  Department of Commerce,  export directly or indirectly,  any

            information or product components  including any associated Firmware

            covered by the  Agreement  to any country  outside of the country in

            which the  contract  on which  ECSI  supplied  such  information  or

            product components is to be performed.



      28.9. Contractor  acknowledges  that its  obligations  under this  Article

            shall survive the termination of the Agreement.



29.   U.S. FOREIGN CORRUPT PRACTICES ACT



Contractor  acknowledges  that it is  familiar  with and fully  understands  the

provisions of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt  Practices Act of 1977 and its subsequent

amendment  of 1988  ("the  Act"),  and  that  with  respect  to the Act  neither

Contractor nor any officer,  director,  employee or agent of Contractor shall do

or be instructed to do any of the following:  (a) pay or give anything of value,

either directly or indirectly, to an official of any government or any political

party  for  the  purpose  of  influencing  an act or  decision  in his  official

capacity,  or inducing him to use his influence  with the government in order to

assist  Contractor in obtaining or retaining  business for or with, or directing

business to, any person,  or for any other purpose  whatsoever;  or (b) take any

act or use any  compensation  received for any purpose which would  constitute a

violation  of any  law of the  U.S.  or any  political  subdivision  within  the

Territory, including the Act.







30.   WAIVER



No failure to  exercise  and no delay or  partial  exercise  of a right or power

conferred  upon a Party  under the terms of the  Agreement  shall  operate  as a

waiver of such right or power.



31.   SURVIVAL OF OBLIGATIONS



The obligations of the Parties under Sections 6-10,  13-17,  21, 22 and 25-34 of

this Agreement shall survive any termination of this Agreement.



32.   SEVERABILITY



If any  section,  paragraph  or  Article  in the  Agreement  shall be held to be

invalid or unenforceable, then the meaning of such section, paragraph or Article

(the "Element") shall be construed so as to render it enforceable, to the extent

feasible; and if no feasible  interpretation would save such section,  paragraph

or Article,  it shall be severed  from the  Agreement  and the  remainder of the

Agreement  shall  remain in full  force and  effect.  However,  in the event any

Element is considered an essential  commercial or legal element of the Agreement

by either ECSI or Contractor, the Parties shall promptly negotiate and implement

a replacement therefor.



33.   GOVERNING LANGUAGE



This  Agreement has been made and executed in the English  language.  In case of

conflict  between the Agreement and any translation  thereof from English,  this

English counterpart of this Agreement shall control.



34.   ENTIRE AGREEMENT



The terms and conditions  contained in the Agreement supersede all prior oral or

written  understandings  between the Parties with respect to the subject  matter

hereof,  shall  constitute  the entire  agreement  between them  concerning  the

subject  matter of the  Agreement  and shall not be  contradicted,  explained or

supplemented  by any course of dealing or course of performance  between ECSI or

any  of  its  Affiliates  and  Contractor.   There  are  no   understandings  or

representations,   expressed  or  implied,  not  expressly  set  forth  in  this

Agreement.  This Agreement  shall not be modified or amended except by a written

document signed by the Parties hereto; provided,  however, that Contractor shall

be able to  unilaterally  supplement  Section 2.1 by the delivery of Section 2.1

Updates pursuant to Section 2.2.







IN WITNESS  WHEREOF the Parties have caused the  Agreement to be signed by their

duly authorized representatives effective as of the date written above.



                                         HYUNDAI SYSCOMM CORP.





                                         By:/s/Samuel Lee

                                            --------------------------------

                                            Name:  Samuel Lee

                                            Title: Chairman of the Board







                                         ELECTRONIC CONTROL SECURITY, INC.





                                         By:/s/Arthur Barchenko

                                            --------------------------------

                                            Name:  Arthur Barchenko

                                            Title: Chief Executive Officer